Louis Joseph, Prince of Condé is a citizen of France.
France is located in the continent of Europe.
Mike Leake plays the position of starting pitcher.
starting pitcher is associated with the sport of baseball.
Pierre Beaumarchais is a citizen of France.
The name of the current head of state in France is Emmanuel Macron.
Marvin Barnes is a citizen of United States of America.
The name of the current head of state in United States of America is Donald Trump.
Suede was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The official language of United Kingdom is English.
Lasse Holm is a citizen of Sweden.
The name of the current head of the Sweden government is Stefan Löfven.
Open Mike Eagle was born in the city of Chicago.
Chicago was founded by Jean Baptiste Point du Sable.
The company that produced Ford Edge is Ford Motor Company.
Ford Motor Company was founded by Henry Ford.
The type of music that Miranda Lambert plays is country music.
country music was created in the country of United States of America.
Peter Cooper is a citizen of United States of America.
The official language of United States of America is American English.
Revolution 9 was performed by The Beatles.
The director of The Beatles is Brian Epstein.
The Greenhornes was created in the country of United States of America.
iChat was developed by Apple Inc..
Apple Inc. was created in the country of United States of America.
Michael Corleone was created by Mario Puzo.
Mario Puzo is famous for The Godfather.
The author of Pygmalion is George Bernard Shaw.
George Bernard Shaw was born in the city of Dublin.
Graeme Hick is associated with the sport of cricket.
cricket was created in the country of England.
Macbeth was created by William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare is a citizen of Kingdom of England.
The type of music that George Jones plays is country music.
Wildcats was created in the country of United States of America.
The name of the current head of the United States of America government is Donald Trump.
Trudie Styler is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The capital of United Kingdom is London.
The origianl broadcaster of Revenge is American Broadcasting Company.
The director of American Broadcasting Company is Bob Iger.
Deacon Jones is a citizen of United States of America.
Fabrizio Ravanelli is associated with the sport of association football.
association football was created in the country of England.
Steve Park is a citizen of United States of America.
The capital of United States of America is Washington, D.C..
Sean Dyche is associated with the sport of association football.
Hey Jude was performed by The Beatles.
The Beatles was created in the country of United Kingdom.
William Randolph Hearst is a citizen of United States of America.
Kaiser Family Foundation was founded by Henry J. Kaiser.
Henry J. Kaiser is a citizen of United States of America.
Scipione Borghese is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Catholic Church was founded by Jesus Christ.
Howard Morris is a citizen of United States of America.
Son Goku was created by Akira Toriyama.
Akira Toriyama is a citizen of Japan.
Narendra Modi is a citizen of India.
India is located in the continent of Asia.
MobileMe was developed by Apple Inc..
Nur Misuari is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
Islam was founded by Muhammad.
William Blake worked in the city of London.
The name of the current head of the London government is Sadiq Khan.
Oliver Kahn plays the position of goalkeeper.
goalkeeper is associated with the sport of association football.
Clement IX is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kingdom of Ireland is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The chief executive officer of Apple Inc. is Tim Cook.
The headquarters of RR Donnelley is located in the city of Chicago.
Shirley Williams is a citizen of United Kingdom.
United Kingdom is located in the continent of Europe.
Kirk Whalum is a citizen of United States of America.
The name of the current head of the India government is Narendra Modi.
Casey Robinson is a citizen of United States of America.
Pius VII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The Challenge was created in the country of United States of America.
Philip José Farmer is a citizen of United States of America.
Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
David Hasselhoff is a citizen of United States of America.
Melodifestivalen 2012 was created in the country of Sweden.
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
Hope Solo plays the position of goalkeeper.
George Weigel is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Johann Jakob Froberger is a citizen of Germany.
Germany is located in the continent of Europe.
Lou Reed is a citizen of United States of America.
Monica is a citizen of United States of America.
Glasgow City F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
The Maccabees was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The name of the current head of state in United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
Mário Soares is a citizen of Portugal.
The name of the current head of state in Portugal is Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa.
Eugène Schneider is a citizen of France.
Juan Antonio Samaranch is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of The Knight's Tale is Geoffrey Chaucer.
Geoffrey Chaucer died in the city of London.
Larry Page is employed by Google.
The chief executive officer of Google is Sundar Pichai.
File Explorer was developed by Microsoft.
The headquarters of Microsoft is located in the city of Redmond.
Mercutio was created by William Shakespeare.
The univeristy where William Shakespeare was educated is King Edward VI School, Stratford-upon-Avon.
James Henry Breasted is employed by University of Chicago.
The chairperson of University of Chicago is Robert Zimmer.
Beyoncé is married to Jay-Z.
The type of music that Jay-Z plays is hip hop music.
The author of Measure for Measure is William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare is married to Anne Hathaway.
Rival Schools was created in the country of United States of America.
The LEGO Batman Movie was created in the country of United States of America.
The author of Beyond Good and Evil is Friedrich Nietzsche.
Friedrich Nietzsche was born in the city of Röcken.
Marc Bolan is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Xbox was developed by Microsoft.
Windows Me was developed by Microsoft.
The chief executive officer of Microsoft is Satya Nadella.
The company that produced Jaguar XJS is Jaguar Cars.
Jaguar Cars was founded by William Lyons.
J. K. Rowling is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Grant Wood is a citizen of United States of America.
Terrance Dicks died in the city of London.
Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton was born in the city of London.
Amanda Mealing is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The author of Poor Richard's Almanack is Benjamin Franklin.
Benjamin Franklin is employed by University of Pennsylvania.
ActiveX was developed by Microsoft.
Figures of Speech was created in the country of United States of America.
Nowhere Man was performed by The Beatles.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is a citizen of Iran.
Iran is located in the continent of Asia.
Metamorpho is a citizen of United States of America.
FC Groningen is associated with the sport of association football.
Jonas Brothers was created in the country of United States of America.
Madeleine L'Engle is a citizen of United States of America.
Jean Shepherd is a citizen of United States of America.
Charles VII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The headquarters of University of London is located in the city of London.
London is located in the continent of Europe.
Cat Fancy was created in the country of United States of America.
Michel Platini plays the position of midfielder.
midfielder is associated with the sport of association football.
Will Ferrell is a citizen of United States of America.
Leo I the Thracian is affiliated with the religion of Christianity.
Christianity was founded in the city of Jerusalem.
gelato was created in the country of Italy.
Italy is located in the continent of Europe.
Virginia Bottomley is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Robert Burns's child is Robert Burns.
The author of Hamlet is William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare works in the field of playwright.
Travis Tritt is a citizen of United States of America.
George Bernard Shaw is married to Charlotte Payne-Townshend.
Joseph Schwantner is a citizen of United States of America.
Sutton United F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
The company that produced Windows 7 is Microsoft.
The author of The Chronicles of Narnia is C. S. Lewis.
C. S. Lewis is married to Joy Davidman.
Diablo III was developed by Blizzard Entertainment.
The headquarters of Blizzard Entertainment is located in the city of Irvine.
Tancredo Neves is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Benny Carter is a citizen of United States of America.
Paolo Gentiloni is a citizen of Italy.
The official language of Italy is Italian.
The company that produced Moog Taurus is Moog Music.
Moog Music was founded by Robert Moog.
Viva Las Vegas was performed by Elvis Presley.
Elvis Presley is married to Priscilla Presley.
Selena is a citizen of United States of America.
The chairperson of Real Madrid CF is Florentino Pérez.
Florentino Pérez is associated with the sport of association football.
The type of music that Helen Humes plays is jazz.
jazz was created in the country of United States of America.
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise is associated with the sport of association football.
If I Needed Someone was performed by The Beatles.
The author of As You Like It is William Shakespeare.
The type of music that William Shakespeare plays is English Renaissance theatre.
Annette von Droste-Hülshoff is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jack Butland is associated with the sport of association football.
The headquarters of University of Southern California is located in the city of Los Angeles.
The name of the current head of the Los Angeles government is Eric Garcetti.
Chris Rock is a citizen of United States of America.
Sacha Baron Cohen is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Edward Egan is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Paul Gascoigne plays the position of midfielder.
The author of Barnaby Rudge is Charles Dickens.
Charles Dickens is married to Catherine Dickens.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
Paul Morley is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Albert François Lebrun is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ligue Féminine de Basketball is associated with the sport of basketball.
basketball was created in the country of United States of America.
SPDY was developed by Google.
Witches of East End was created in the country of United States of America.
Afghanistan is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
The official language of Islam is Arabic.
The author of The Comedy of Errors is William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare speaks the language of English.
Keynote was developed by Apple Inc..
The origianl broadcaster of Fuller House is Netflix.
The chief executive officer of Netflix is Reed Hastings.
Xcode was developed by Apple Inc..
Mario Puzo is a citizen of United States of America.
Power Mac G5 was developed by Apple Inc..
The author of The Tempest is William Shakespeare.
point guard is associated with the sport of basketball.
Ed Bailey is associated with the sport of baseball.
baseball was created in the country of United States of America.
Brian Epstein is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Riot grrrl was created in the country of United States of America.
Bill Russell plays the position of center.
center is associated with the sport of basketball.
The author of Mere Christianity is C. S. Lewis.
The author of The Great Gatsby is F. Scott Fitzgerald.
F. Scott Fitzgerald is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Dan Brown is a citizen of United States of America.
J. Hoberman is a citizen of United States of America.
Eleanor Roosevelt is a citizen of United States of America.
Marie Antoinette is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Billy Elliot the Musical was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The company that produced Ford Escort is Ford Motor Company.
Ford Motor Company was founded in the city of Dearborn.
Ferdinand of Romania is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Arthur was created in the country of United States of America.
The company that produced Chevrolet Astro is General Motors.
The chief executive officer of General Motors is Mary Barra.
rock music was created in the country of United States of America.
Robert P. George is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of Much Ado About Nothing is William Shakespeare.
Oita Trinita is associated with the sport of association football.
Steve Ballmer is employed by Microsoft.
Apple Watch was developed by Apple Inc..
Thomas Addis Emmet is a citizen of United States of America.
The author of Letter from Birmingham Jail is Martin Luther King Jr..
Martin Luther King Jr. is a citizen of United States of America.
Tupac Shakur is a citizen of United States of America.
The chairperson of BBC Worldwide is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead was born in the city of Birkenhead.
The company that produced Windows Phone 8 is Microsoft.
Joey Barton plays the position of midfielder.
António Guterres is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of The Whisperer in Darkness is H. P. Lovecraft.
H. P. Lovecraft worked in the city of Providence.
Mike Phelan is associated with the sport of association football.
The type of music that Ike Quebec plays is jazz.
Elizabeth II is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Love You To was performed by The Beatles.
Robert Burns is married to Jean Armour.
The author of Candida is George Bernard Shaw.
Behind the Candelabra was created in the country of United States of America.
Common is affiliated with the religion of Christianity.
Christianity was founded by Jesus Christ.
Joe Manganiello is a citizen of United States of America.
UFC 205 was created in the country of United States of America.
Karl Marx died in the city of London.
Futurama was created by Matt Groening.
Matt Groening is a citizen of United States of America.
The origianl broadcaster of The Judy Garland Show is CBS.
CBS was founded in the city of New York City.
Strawberry Fields Forever was created by The Beatles.
Claude Makelele is associated with the sport of association football.
The official language of Stockholm is Swedish.
Roy Sievers is associated with the sport of baseball.
Saint Mary's College is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Peter Warlock is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Renaud Lavillenie is a citizen of France.
Philip IV of France is a citizen of France.
Darrell Porter is associated with the sport of baseball.
Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française was created in the country of France.
Tom Herpich is a citizen of United States of America.
Ana Lucia Cortez is a citizen of United States of America.
Carlo Cudicini plays the position of goalkeeper.
Glenn L. Martin is a citizen of United States of America.
association football manager is associated with the sport of association football.
The chairperson of Communist Party of China is Xi Jinping.
Xi Jinping was born in the city of Beijing.
Borchert Field is associated with the sport of baseball.
R. B. Bennett is a citizen of Canada.
Canada is located in the continent of North America.
Max Levchin is employed by Google.
The headquarters of Google is located in the city of Mountain View.
Bacharach Giants is associated with the sport of baseball.
The author of Our Mutual Friend is Charles Dickens.
Andrés Iniesta plays the position of midfielder.
Louis Aragon is a citizen of France.
Marcellus II is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Brittney Griner plays the position of center.
Freemantle F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Ian Fleming is a citizen of United Kingdom.
James Mercer is a citizen of United States of America.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The head coach of British & Irish Lions is Warren Gatland.
Warren Gatland is associated with the sport of rugby union.
Louis XV of France is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ernst Heinkel is a citizen of Germany.
Konkona Sen Sharma is a citizen of India.
John Dos Passos is a citizen of United States of America.
The official language of Germany is German.
Desdemona was created by William Shakespeare.
England is located in the continent of Europe.
Joe Biden is a citizen of United States of America.
ABBA was created in the country of Sweden.
The name of the current head of state in Sweden is Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.
Shalom Hanoch is a citizen of Israel.
Israel was founded by David Ben-Gurion.
The Caine Mutiny was created in the country of United States of America.
Christine Hakim is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
Nigella Lawson is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The type of music that John Tchicai plays is jazz.
Nigel Kneale is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Tomasz Gollob is a citizen of Poland.
The official language of Poland is Polish.
The author of Troilus and Criseyde is Geoffrey Chaucer.
The univeristy where Walter Lippmann was educated is Harvard University.
The chairperson of Harvard University is Lawrence S. Bacow.
The author of Little Dorrit is Charles Dickens.
The author of King Lear is William Shakespeare.
Arturo Vidal plays the position of midfielder.
The type of music that Chubby Checker plays is rock music.
Wish You Were Here was performed by Pink Floyd.
Pink Floyd was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The univeristy where Henry James was educated is Harvard University.
The headquarters of Harvard University is located in the city of Cambridge.
Backstreet Boys was created in the country of United States of America.
The Life of Pablo was performed by Kanye West.
Kanye West is married to Kim Kardashian.
Mix was created in the country of United States of America.
Gilbert Cates is a citizen of United States of America.
Mac OS X Tiger was developed by Apple Inc..
Desmond Connell is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Melodifestivalen 2013 was created in the country of Sweden.
Sweden is located in the continent of Europe.
shinty was created in the country of Scotland.
Scotland is located in the continent of Europe.
The type of music that Jelly Roll Morton plays is jazz.
The type of music that Bruce Springsteen plays is rock music.
Richard Stallman is a citizen of United States of America.
Sushma Swaraj is a citizen of India.
The company that produced iPod is Apple Inc..
Jake Johnson is a citizen of United States of America.
defender is associated with the sport of association football.
Fra Angelico is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Outlook Express was developed by Microsoft.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan is a citizen of Kingdom of Ireland.
David Eagleman is a citizen of United States of America.
William F. Buckley, Jr. is a citizen of United States of America.
The company that produced Ford Probe is Ford Motor Company.
Eccellenza Lazio is associated with the sport of association football.
Merseybeat was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The Simpsons was created in the country of United States of America.
second baseman is associated with the sport of baseball.
Brabourne Stadium is associated with the sport of cricket.
Edguy was created in the country of Germany.
Anton LaVey is a citizen of United States of America.
William of Tyre is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jonathan Sexton is associated with the sport of rugby union.
rugby union was created in the country of England.
John Heath-Stubbs died in the city of London.
progressive metal was created in the country of United States of America.
Răzvan Lucescu plays the position of goalkeeper.
Shaman King was created in the country of Japan.
The official language of Japan is Japanese.
Samuel P. Huntington is a citizen of United States of America.
Nyarlathotep was created by H. P. Lovecraft.
The Fireballs was created in the country of United States of America.
1989 NBA Playoffs is associated with the sport of basketball.
Nigel Winterburn is associated with the sport of association football.
Lois Lane is a citizen of United States of America.
System 7 was developed by Apple Inc..
assistant referee is associated with the sport of association football.
Winnie the Pooh was created by A. A. Milne.
A. A. Milne's child is Christopher Robin Milne.
Nick Bottom was created by William Shakespeare.
John Cody is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The origianl broadcaster of The Chris Rock Show is HBO.
The chief executive officer of HBO is Richard Plepler.
Brooks Wackerman is a citizen of United States of America.
Keylor Navas is associated with the sport of association football.
American Locomotive Company was created in the country of United States of America.
Robert Holmes à Court is a citizen of Australia.
The capital of Australia is Canberra.
Ronan O'Gara is associated with the sport of rugby union.
Bertrand du Guesclin is a citizen of France.
Walter Gropius is employed by Harvard University.
Walt Disney is a citizen of United States of America.
A Beautiful Mind was created in the country of United States of America.
The headquarters of Kiasma is located in the city of Helsinki.
The official language of Helsinki is Finnish.
Cyprus Football Association is associated with the sport of association football.
The author of Carrie is Stephen King.
Stephen King is married to Tabitha King.
Baron Davis plays the position of point guard.
William Shakespeare died in the city of Stratford-upon-Avon.
Avinash is a citizen of India.
Marten Stekelenburg plays the position of goalkeeper.
experimental rock was created in the country of United States of America.
Wilf McGuinness is associated with the sport of association football.
S.C. Espinho is associated with the sport of association football.
USM Annaba is associated with the sport of association football.
Elizabeth Perkins is a citizen of United States of America.
The headquarters of Virgin Books is located in the city of London.
Free as a Bird was performed by The Beatles.
People's Republic of China was founded by Communist Party of China.
Jerry Stahl is a citizen of United States of America.
country rock was created in the country of United States of America.
Darren Fletcher plays the position of midfielder.
Eric Garcetti is a citizen of United States of America.
Helsinki is located in the continent of Europe.
The origianl broadcaster of The Flintstone Kids is American Broadcasting Company.
Yesterday and Today was performed by The Beatles.
Kelly McGillis is a citizen of United States of America.
University of Dallas is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The company that produced Ford Explorer is Ford Motor Company.
Adrian IV is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
children's music was created in the country of United States of America.
Ike Davis is a citizen of United States of America.
Jeff Tremaine is a citizen of United States of America.
iMessage was developed by Apple Inc..
Maurice Strong is a citizen of Canada.
The capital of Canada is Ottawa.
Peter Green is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The company that produced Ford Orion is Ford Motor Company.
Elmore Leonard is a citizen of United States of America.
Sandeep Patil is associated with the sport of cricket.
PowerBook G4 was developed by Apple Inc..
The univeristy where William Withering was educated is University of Edinburgh.
The headquarters of University of Edinburgh is located in the city of Edinburgh.
The director of British Broadcasting Corporation is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. is associated with the sport of association football.
Taxman was performed by The Beatles.
John Boswell is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ryan Klesko is a citizen of United States of America.
Eddie Mathews is a citizen of United States of America.
Sandy Alderson is associated with the sport of baseball.
Ellie Kemper is a citizen of United States of America.
Anthony Kennedy is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of Dombey and Son is Charles Dickens.
The author of Politics is Aristotle.
Aristotle's child is Nicomachus.
John Stuart Mill is a citizen of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The official language of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland is English.
Cordell Douglass Perri is a citizen of United States of America.
Paperback Writer was performed by The Beatles.
Chacarita Juniors is associated with the sport of association football.
Liam Fox is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The company that produced Ford GT is Ford Motor Company.
Braintree Town F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
James Bond was created by Ian Fleming.
Ian Fleming speaks the language of English.
Leo XIII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Miranda Hart is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Herbert Fields is a citizen of United States of America.
Hugo Lloris plays the position of goalkeeper.
Eldar Ryazanov died in the city of Moscow.
Moscow is located in the continent of Europe.
Boris Johnson worked in the city of London.
David Beckham is associated with the sport of association football.
iPad Mini was developed by Apple Inc..
Grace Kelly is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Michael Jackson is a citizen of United States of America.
Clay Buchholz plays the position of starting pitcher.
My Sister's Keeper was created in the country of United States of America.
Zeenat Aman is a citizen of India.
George Mikan plays the position of center.
Marv Wolfman is a citizen of United States of America.
Charles Eliot Norton is employed by Harvard University.
JScript was developed by Microsoft.
The Easybeats was created in the country of Australia.
HKT48 was created in the country of Japan.
General Motors was founded in the city of Detroit.
Tony La Russa is a citizen of United States of America.
Sarah Churchill is a citizen of United Kingdom.
James Marsh is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Portal was developed by Valve Corporation.
The director of Valve Corporation is Gabe Newell.
Thiago Motta plays the position of midfielder.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a citizen of United States of America.
Masahiro Tanaka plays the position of starting pitcher.
Cadwallon ap Cadfan is affiliated with the religion of Christianity.
Alexander Hamilton is famous for Federalist Papers.
Federalist Papers was written in the language of English.
The company that produced Ford Laser is Ford Motor Company.
Sam Robards is a citizen of United States of America.
S.S.C. Napoli is associated with the sport of association football.
Leopard 2 was created in the country of Germany.
2009 World Series is associated with the sport of baseball.
François Norbert Blanchet is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
OS X Mountain Lion was developed by Apple Inc..
Adam Morrison is associated with the sport of basketball.
The Complete Robot was created in the country of United States of America.
Lenny Waronker is a citizen of United States of America.
Florentino Pérez is a citizen of Spain.
The official language of Spain is Spanish.
Des Cahill is a citizen of Ireland.
Ireland is located in the continent of Europe.
Arab Christians is affiliated with the religion of Christianity.
George Harrison is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Born to Run was performed by Bruce Springsteen.
H. P. Lovecraft was born in the city of Providence.
Peter Nichols is a citizen of United Kingdom.
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup is associated with the sport of association football.
John Francis Dodge is a citizen of United States of America.
The type of music that Gary Bartz plays is jazz.
Henning Mankell was born in the city of Stockholm.
Richard D. Zanuck is a citizen of United States of America.
Frank Miller is a citizen of United States of America.
Sydney United FC is associated with the sport of association football.
The chairperson of Communist Party of Vietnam is Nguyen Phu Trong.
Nguyen Phu Trong was born in the city of Hanoi.
Ahmed Khadr is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
Saint Leo University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Max Eastman is a citizen of United States of America.
Teenage Fanclub was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The chief executive officer of ArcelorMittal is Lakshmi Mittal.
Lakshmi Mittal is a citizen of India.
Max Immelmann is a citizen of German Empire.
The official language of German Empire is German.
Martha Wayne is a citizen of United States of America.
Nizam-ud-din Auliya is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
The name of the current head of the Poland government is Mateusz Morawiecki.
Priscilla Presley is married to Elvis Presley.
Elvis Presley's child is Lisa Marie Presley.
The company that produced B-17 Flying Fortress is Boeing.
Boeing was founded in the city of Seattle.
Julianne Nicholson is a citizen of United States of America.
St. John's University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kim Kardashian is married to Kanye West.
Magical Mystery Tour was performed by The Beatles.
Die Nibelungen was created in the country of Germany.
Windows Phone 8.1 was developed by Microsoft.
Max Scherzer plays the position of starting pitcher.
Chris Capuano plays the position of starting pitcher.
William James is employed by Harvard University.
Saint Engelbert is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Chris Dudley plays the position of center.
Garry Shandling is a citizen of United States of America.
Carlota Joaquina of Spain is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The company that produced Ford Five Hundred is Ford Motor Company.
The headquarters of Chicago Cubs is located in the city of Chicago.
Chicago is located in the continent of North America.
Frank Lampard is associated with the sport of association football.
John Faso is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kirk Gibson is associated with the sport of baseball.
The origianl broadcaster of Friends is NBC.
NBC was founded in the city of New York City.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
François Rabelais is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Alexis de Tocqueville is famous for Democracy in America.
Aleister Crowley is famous for The Book of the Law.
Fatima Robinson is a citizen of United States of America.
Diego Durán is a citizen of Spain.
Aviv Geffen is a citizen of Israel.
Per Oddvar Johansen is a citizen of Norway.
Sue Grafton is a citizen of United States of America.
Louis Henri Loison is a citizen of France.
Tomáš Berdych is a citizen of Czech Republic.
Fernando Lugo is a citizen of Paraguay.
Aristophanes was born in the city of Athens.
Tom Clancy was born in the city of Baltimore.
Napoleon was born in the city of Ajaccio.
Agatha Christie speaks the language of English.
Lech Wałęsa speaks the language of Polish.
Raul Meireles plays the position of midfielder.
Alex Song plays the position of defender.
The type of music that Funky Drummer plays is funk.
Saruman was created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Vladimir Harkonnen was created by Frank Herbert.
Hugh Masekela is married to Miriam Makeba.
Louise Redknapp is married to Jamie Redknapp.
The univeristy where Joseph Story was educated is Harvard University.
The univeristy where Nikos Kazantzakis was educated is National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
David Ige worked in the city of Honolulu.
David Ben-Gurion worked in the city of Tel Aviv.
The author of Cyborg 009 is Shōtarō Ishinomori.
The author of Finnegans Wake is James Joyce.
Leon Brittan is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Diether Ocampo is a citizen of Philippines.
The author of Usagi Yojimbo is Stan Sakai.
The author of Middlemarch is George Eliot.
Henry of Blois is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Louis Farrakhan is affiliated with the religion of Nation of Islam.
The company that produced Ford Granada is Ford Motor Company.
Enrico Villanueva plays the position of center.
NaVorro Bowman plays the position of linebacker.
Vasily Tatishchev is a citizen of Russian Empire.
Something was performed by The Beatles.
Bella Swan was performed by Kristen Stewart.
Charles de Gaulle is a citizen of France.
Stan Rogers is a citizen of Canada.
The univeristy where Corinne Bailey Rae was educated is University of Leeds.
The univeristy where Rick Perry was educated is Texas A&M University.
Ferdowsi is famous for Shahnameh.
Stephen Crane is famous for The Red Badge of Courage.
Gabriel Heinze is associated with the sport of association football.
Ettore Bugatti is associated with the sport of auto racing.
Taipei is located in the continent of Asia.
Cairo is located in the continent of Africa.
The chief executive officer of Philips is Frans van Houten.
Australia is located in the continent of Oceania.
The type of music that Zac Brown Band plays is country music.
The type of music that P. G. Wodehouse plays is comedy.
field hockey was created in the country of England.
Muay Thai was created in the country of Thailand.
Mac OS 8 was developed by Apple Inc..
MIUI was developed by Xiaomi.
Babylon 5 was created by J. Michael Straczynski.
Spartacus was created by Steven S. DeKnight.
Goguryeo is affiliated with the religion of Buddhism.
German Empire is affiliated with the religion of Protestantism.
Kaarlo Juho Ståhlberg died in the city of Helsinki.
Charles Perrault died in the city of Paris.
Joe Hockey was born in the city of Sydney.
Sacred Heart University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The headquarters of Berklee College of Music is located in the city of Boston.
Bedminster F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Tom Thibodeau is associated with the sport of basketball.
pesäpallo was created in the country of Finland.
C# was developed by Microsoft.
cognitive therapy was developed by Aaron T. Beck.
Mohammad Mosaddegh is a citizen of Iran.
Roosevelt Skerrit works in the field of politician.
hardcore punk was created in the country of United States of America.
The author of The Blind Watchmaker is Richard Dawkins.
The author of Animal Liberation is Peter Singer.
Alassane Dramane Ouattara is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
Yearly Meeting is affiliated with the religion of Religious Society of Friends.
Sigmund Freud is married to Martha Bernays.
Ali Larijani is employed by University of Tehran.
Eiichiro Oda is employed by Shueisha.
The chief executive officer of Electronic Arts is Andrew Wilson.
Frederick Terman is employed by Stanford University.
William of Wykeham is employed by University of Oxford.
Evan McMullin is affiliated with the religion of Mormonism.
Bing Maps was developed by Microsoft.
Gears of War 3 was developed by Epic Games.
Norman Rockwell is a citizen of United States of America.
Zygmunt Berling is a citizen of Poland.
placekicker is associated with the sport of American football.
linebacker is associated with the sport of American football.
The chairperson of National League for Democracy is Aung San Suu Kyi.
John Evelyn is a citizen of Kingdom of England.
The author of The Brothers Karamazov is Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
The author of Quatermass II is Nigel Kneale.
The author of Ars Poetica is Horace.
The author of The Government Inspector is Nikolai Gogol.
Robert Louis Stevenson is a citizen of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Chris Wood is a citizen of United Kingdom.
The origianl broadcaster of Jane the Virgin is The CW.
The origianl broadcaster of Girl Meets World is Disney Channel.
Dele Alli plays the position of midfielder.
Gennaro Gattuso plays the position of midfielder.
Craig Counsell plays the position of shortstop.
Steve Nash plays the position of point guard.
Esteban Cambiasso plays the position of midfielder.
Kenley Jansen plays the position of closer.
Raymond Felton plays the position of point guard.
Kasey Keller plays the position of goalkeeper.
Hon Hai Precision Industry was founded by Terry Gou.
Zoroastrianism was founded by Zoroaster.
Cardinal Richelieu is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Philip Hammond is affiliated with the religion of Anglicanism.
The Oratory School was founded by John Henry Newman.
Independent Labour Party was founded by Keir Hardie.
The director of Red Bull GmbH is Dietrich Mateschitz.
The director of Madonna is Guy Oseary.
Alfred Newton is employed by University of Cambridge.
Carl Sagan is employed by Cornell University.
Visual Basic Script was developed by Microsoft.
Deus Ex was developed by Ion Storm.
A Charlie Brown Christmas was created by Charles M. Schulz.
Facebook was created by Mark Zuckerberg.
Frutiger was created by Adrian Frutiger.
Dr. John Watson was created by Arthur Conan Doyle.
Oasis was founded in the city of Manchester.
Raphael is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Spanish Empire is affiliated with the religion of Catholicism.
The author of The Lost Symbol is Dan Brown.
The author of Fast Food Nation is Eric Schlosser.
Fulton J. Sheen is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lamar Alexander is affiliated with the religion of Presbyterianism.
Nancy Pelosi is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Letizia Ramallo died in the city of Rome.
Hugo Gernsback died in the city of New York City.
Artis Gilmore plays the position of center.
Carlos Quentin plays the position of right fielder.
Yulia Tymoshenko is a citizen of Ukraine.
Htin Kyaw is a citizen of Myanmar.
The author of Os Lusíadas is Luís de Camões.
The author of The Right Stuff is Tom Wolfe.
Bhumibol Adulyadej is a citizen of Thailand.
Lord Byron died in the city of Missolonghi.
The name of the current head of the North German Confederation government is Otto von Bismarck.
The name of the current head of the Australia government is Scott Morrison.
The chairperson of Yale University is Peter Salovey.
The chairperson of Bahujan Samaj Party is Mayawati.
Hun Sen is a citizen of Cambodia.
The type of music that Bobby Timmons plays is jazz.
The type of music that John McVie plays is rock music.
The type of music that Terry Pratchett plays is fantasy.
The Governor of Wisconsin is Scott Walker.
The Prime Minister of Hungary is Viktor Orbán.
The author of Anne of Green Gables is Lucy Maud Montgomery.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu was created in the country of Brazil.
Summer Holiday was created in the country of United Kingdom.
Go-Yōzei is affiliated with the religion of Buddhism.
The author of Dianetics is L. Ron Hubbard.
The author of Satyricon is Petronius.
Reading Fightin Phils is associated with the sport of baseball.
2017 World Judo Championships is associated with the sport of judo.
The type of music that Lonnie Plaxico plays is jazz.
The type of music that Euripides plays is Greek tragedy.
Miss Havisham was created by Charles Dickens.
Blake's 7 was created by Terry Nation.
George Martinuzzi is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Todd McShay plays the position of quarterback.
Lord Voldemort was created by J. K. Rowling.
Extras was created by Ricky Gervais.
Mahela Jayawardene is a citizen of Sri Lanka.
Hank Greenberg plays the position of first baseman.
Extensible HyperText Markup Language was developed by World Wide Web Consortium.
Slaughterhouse-Five was created in the country of United States of America.
1 was performed by The Beatles.
Sweet Caroline was performed by Neil Diamond.
The type of music that Ernest Tubb plays is country music.
The type of music that What's Going On plays is soul music.
Charlie Hough is associated with the sport of baseball.
goaltender is associated with the sport of ice hockey.
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya is associated with the sport of association football.
Aaron Swartz died in the city of Brooklyn.
The Vampyre was written in the language of English.
Attack on Titan was written in the language of Japanese.
Richard Mulcahy is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Browning Arms Company was founded by John Browning.
Draupadi is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
Russian Empire was founded by Peter the Great.
Zynga was founded by Mark Pincus.
The author of The Scarlet Letter is Nathaniel Hawthorne.
The author of The Kite Runner is Khaled Hosseini.
Jens Lehmann plays the position of goalkeeper.
Mike Glennon plays the position of quarterback.
The company that produced Me 262 is Messerschmitt.
Stephen Benton Elkins is a citizen of United States of America.
Bono is a citizen of Ireland.
Diego de Vargas is a citizen of Spanish Empire.
Katniss Everdeen was created by Suzanne Collins.
Hercule Poirot was created by Agatha Christie.
The chief executive officer of Lockheed Martin is Marillyn Hewson.
Jesualdo Ferreira is associated with the sport of association football.
Vitaliy Klitschko is associated with the sport of boxing.
Honorius IV is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lotus Cars was founded by Colin Chapman.
Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtniskirche was founded by Wilhelm II.
First Republic of Austria is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Sasanian Empire is affiliated with the religion of Zoroastrianism.
Captaincy General of Chile is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Anderson .Paak is a citizen of United States of America.
Kasturba Gandhi is a citizen of British Raj.
Vancouver is located in the continent of North America.
The company that produced Ford Territory is Ford Motor Company.
The Art of War was created in the country of China.
The capital of Tang Empire is Chang'an.
Joseph Bernardin is a citizen of United States of America.
Pirmin Zurbriggen is a citizen of Switzerland.
The author of Ball Four is Jim Bouton.
The author of Science of Logic is Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
George V is married to Mary of Teck.
Carrie Underwood is married to Mike Fisher.
500 home run club is associated with the sport of baseball.
Charlie Brown was created by Charles M. Schulz.
Lazarus Long was created by Robert A. Heinlein.
defensive tackle is associated with the sport of American football.
racing video game is associated with the sport of racing.
Magnum, P.I. was written in the language of English.
The univeristy where Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna was educated is University of Chile.
The univeristy where Jian Ghomeshi was educated is York University.
The official language of Church of Greece is Greek.
The official language of Uusikaupunki is Finnish.
Raila Odinga is a citizen of Kenya.
Snoopy was created by Charles M. Schulz.
Geiger counter was created by Hans Geiger.
Gabriel Heinze is a citizen of Argentina.
Kieron Dyer plays the position of midfielder.
macOS Sierra was developed by Apple Inc..
The company that produced MIM-104 Patriot is Raytheon.
Ricky Rubio plays the position of point guard.
Jarosław Kaczyński is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The origianl broadcaster of Maverick is American Broadcasting Company.
The origianl broadcaster of 60 Minutes is CBS.
Andoni Zubizarreta plays the position of goalkeeper.
Shinji Kagawa plays the position of midfielder.
Władysław Anders is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Sacha Baron Cohen is affiliated with the religion of Judaism.
Aslan was created by C. S. Lewis.
Les Moonves is married to Julie Chen.
Andrew Carnegie is married to Louise Whitfield Carnegie.
Addis Ababa Stadium is associated with the sport of association football.
2009 Six Nations Championship is associated with the sport of rugby union.
Esri was founded in the city of Redlands.
Jacques Necker is employed by University of Geneva.
The type of music that Tha Carter IV plays is hip hop music.
Le Petit Parisien was created in the country of France.
Gilda Radner is a citizen of United States of America.
Huma Abedin works in the field of politician.
Jamie Dimon works in the field of banker.
Paul was born in the city of Tarsus.
The univeristy where Rolf Liebermann was educated is University of Zurich.
T. S. Eliot was born in the city of St. Louis.
Pierre Corneille is famous for Le Cid.
Charaka is famous for Charaka Samhita.
Frisco RoughRiders is associated with the sport of baseball.
The head coach of Sporting Kansas City is Peter Vermes.
The head coach of Muhammad Ali is Angelo Dundee.
first baseman is associated with the sport of baseball.
John McEnroe is associated with the sport of tennis.
Antonio Conte is associated with the sport of association football.
The name of the current head of the Pakistan government is Imran Khan.
The name of the current head of the Netherlands government is Mark Rutte.
Viktor Orbán is associated with the sport of association football.
Arthur Conan Doyle was born in the city of Edinburgh.
Carlos Slim was born in the city of Mexico City.
The chief executive officer of Linux Foundation is Jim Zemlin.
The chief executive officer of Panasonic Corporation is Kazuhiro Tsuga.
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena was founded by Raj Thackeray.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Justus Lipsius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Shinzō Abe is affiliated with the religion of Shinto.
Vietnam national football team is associated with the sport of association football.
The type of music that Trae tha Truth plays is hip hop music.
Bobby Brown is married to Whitney Houston.
John Stuart Mill is married to Harriet Taylor Mill.
Shlomo Goren is a citizen of Israel.
Vishal Bhardwaj is a citizen of India.
The univeristy where Bahram Bayzai was educated is University of Tehran.
The univeristy where Charles Maturin was educated is Trinity College Dublin.
The headquarters of British Broadcasting Corporation is located in the city of London.
The headquarters of Vancouver Sun is located in the city of Vancouver.
funk was created in the country of United States of America.
Westinghouse Electric was founded by George Westinghouse.
Boston was founded by John Winthrop.
The chief executive officer of Raytheon is Thomas Kennedy.
Robert S. Kerr is a citizen of United States of America.
Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark is a citizen of Greece.
Radosław Sikorski is a citizen of Poland.
Michael Scheuer is employed by Central Intelligence Agency.
Eric Trump is employed by The Trump Organization.
Charles Simon Clermont-Ganneau died in the city of Paris.
The author of Buddenbrooks is Thomas Mann.
Mariah Carey speaks the language of English.
Wilhelm II speaks the language of German.
Bill Finger is a citizen of United States of America.
Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark died in the city of Athens.
Alta IF is associated with the sport of association football.
Breaking Bad was created by Vince Gilligan.
Bob Cratchit was created by Charles Dickens.
The type of music that Shelly Manne plays is jazz.
The type of music that Extreme plays is heavy metal.
Ray Bradbury died in the city of Los Angeles.
Harper Lee died in the city of Monroeville.
The author of Ulysses is James Joyce.
The author of Howl is Allen Ginsberg.
J. R. R. Tolkien is married to Edith Tolkien.
Michael Bublé is married to Luisana Lopilato.
The origianl broadcaster of The Flash is The CW.
The origianl broadcaster of 30 for 30 is ESPN.
Extensible Markup Language was developed by World Wide Web Consortium.
The univeristy where C. Douglas Dillon was educated is Harvard University.
The univeristy where Jason Chaffetz was educated is Brigham Young University.
Alberto Aquilani plays the position of midfielder.
Paolo Sarpi is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Roy Rogers is married to Dale Evans.
The author of The Selfish Gene is Richard Dawkins.
The author of Smalcald Articles is Martin Luther.
The univeristy where Bob Dylan was educated is University of Minnesota.
The univeristy where Jabari Parker was educated is Duke University.
The type of music that Josh Homme plays is rock music.
The type of music that U-God plays is hip hop music.
defensive end is associated with the sport of American football.
The Fabulous Moolah is associated with the sport of professional wrestling.
Eddy Curry plays the position of center.
Cesar Chavez is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Angel was created in the country of United States of America.
All of Me was performed by John Legend.
Miranda Otto is a citizen of Australia.
Giovanni Agnelli is a citizen of Kingdom of Italy.
Enter Sandman was performed by Metallica.
Mass Effect 3 was developed by BioWare.
Gerald Ford worked in the city of Washington, D.C..
The headquarters of University of Milan is located in the city of Milan.
Marguerite Marie Alacoque is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Thunderbirds was created by Gerry Anderson.
The univeristy where Stephenie Meyer was educated is Brigham Young University.
The univeristy where Mário Soares was educated is University of Lisbon.
The chief executive officer of Valve Corporation is Gabe Newell.
Willie McCovey plays the position of first baseman.
Julius Randle plays the position of power forward.
The company that produced Minimoog is Moog Music.
The univeristy where Arturo Alessandri was educated is University of Chile.
The univeristy where Jann Wenner was educated is University of California, Berkeley.
Abraham Lincoln was born in the city of Hodgenville.
Janet Jackson was born in the city of Gary.
Pablo Aimar plays the position of midfielder.
John the Evangelist died in the city of Ephesus.
Richard D. Zanuck died in the city of Beverly Hills.
The univeristy where Andrew Bogut was educated is University of Utah.
The univeristy where Giulietta Masina was educated is Sapienza University of Rome.
Arvydas Sabonis plays the position of center.
A. R. Gurney is a citizen of United States of America.
Maria Theresa of Austria is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Samuel Doe died in the city of Monrovia.
Sigmund Freud is employed by University of Vienna.
Macromedia was founded by Marc Canter.
Tupolev was founded by Andrei Tupolev.
Finnish was created by Mikael Agricola.
Elric of Melniboné was created by Michael Moorcock.
Ville Valo was born in the city of Helsinki.
Chola dynasty is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
The author of Matilda is Roald Dahl.
Fernando Collor de Mello is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Catherine II of Russia is a citizen of Russian Empire.
John Gorton is a citizen of Australia.
Blue Peter was created in the country of United Kingdom.
The author of Micrographia is Robert Hooke.
Dōgen is a citizen of Japan.
Jusuf Kalla is a citizen of Indonesia.
Lewis University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Don Hewitt speaks the language of English.
The author of Etymologiae is Isidore of Seville.
Robert P. George is employed by Princeton University.
Louis van Gaal is employed by Manchester United F.C..
Augustin Bea is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The chief executive officer of Xiaomi is Lei Jun.
Ensemble InterContemporain was founded by Pierre Boulez.
Taoism was founded by Laozi.
Miron Constantinescu is employed by University of Bucharest.
Anderson Cooper is employed by CNN.
George du Maurier speaks the language of English.
Mimi Rogers is married to Tom Cruise.
Ben Gibbard is married to Zooey Deschanel.
Flashdance... What a Feeling was performed by Irene Cara.
In da Club was performed by 50 Cent.
The headquarters of Moscow State University is located in the city of Moscow.
The headquarters of Republic Aviation Corporation is located in the city of Farmingdale.
Heartbreak Hotel was performed by Elvis Presley.
Saul Tigh was performed by Michael Hogan.
The capital of Puerto Rico is San Juan.
The capital of Kingdom of Bavaria is Munich.
Edward Mooney is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Fokker was founded by Anthony Fokker.
Ptolemaic dynasty was founded by Ptolemy I Soter.
Rupp Arena is associated with the sport of basketball.
The Trump Entrepreneur Initiative was founded by Donald Trump.
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro.
The author of Gitanjali is Rabindranath Tagore.
The author of The Road to Serfdom is Friedrich Hayek.
Jean Giraudoux is a citizen of France.
Bede is affiliated with the religion of Christianity.
The capital of Egypt is Cairo.
The capital of Lithuania is Vilnius.
John Evelyn died in the city of London.
Saud of Saudi Arabia is a citizen of Saudi Arabia.
Ted Kennedy is a citizen of United States of America.
The chief executive officer of Canonical Group Limited is Jane Silber.
Lou Reed speaks the language of English.
Nobuhiro Watsuki speaks the language of Japanese.
The official language of Tampere is Finnish.
The official language of Bengaluru is Kannada.
Theodor Herzl speaks the language of German.
Alfred, Lord Tennyson is married to Emily Tennyson, Lady Tennyson.
Rick Perry is married to Anita Thigpen Perry.
William Faversham was born in the city of London.
Plutarch was born in the city of Chaeronea.
Safari was developed by Apple Inc..
The univeristy where Ernst Cassirer was educated is Humboldt University of Berlin.
Paul Verlaine is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Knockin' on Heaven's Door was performed by Bob Dylan.
The head coach of Manchester City F.C. is Pep Guardiola.
The head coach of Pittsburgh Pirates is Clint Hurdle.
Impact Wrestling was founded by Jeff Jarrett.
Innocent VIII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
San Antonio Spurs is associated with the sport of basketball.
The author of Journey to the West is Wu Cheng'en.
The author of Das Kapital is Karl Marx.
The company that produced C-130J Super Hercules is Lockheed Martin.
The company that produced Colt Python is Colt's Manufacturing Company.
The name of the current head of the Indonesia government is Joko Widodo.
Sarah Jessica Parker is married to Matthew Broderick.
H. P. Lovecraft is married to Sonia Greene.
Pravind Jugnauth is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
Santa Pudenziana is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Xu Zheng is a citizen of People's Republic of China.
The origianl broadcaster of NYPD Blue is American Broadcasting Company.
The origianl broadcaster of Monk is USA Network.
Juan Román Riquelme plays the position of midfielder.
Phnom Penh is located in the continent of Asia.
Argentina is located in the continent of South America.
Ai Weiwei is a citizen of People's Republic of China.
FIFPro is associated with the sport of association football.
The Governor of Oklahoma is Mary Fallin.
The Psychedelic Furs was founded in the city of London.
The origianl broadcaster of Suburgatory is American Broadcasting Company.
The origianl broadcaster of Angel is The WB.
Gaelic football was created in the country of Ireland.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe.
Kyle Hendricks plays the position of starting pitcher.
The chairperson of Santer Commission is Jacques Santer.
The chairperson of Canonical Group Limited is Mark Shuttleworth.
Eleventh Doctor was performed by Matt Smith.
My Sweet Lord was performed by George Harrison.
Jesse Pinkman was performed by Aaron Paul.
The Way We Were was performed by Barbra Streisand.
Whitgift School was founded by John Whitgift.
March of Dimes was founded by Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
The type of music that Rex Stout plays is detective fiction.
Mortal Kombat X was developed by NetherRealm Studios.
The director of Chicago Symphony Orchestra is Riccardo Muti.
The director of Central Intelligence Agency is Gina Haspel.
Jacques Kallis is a citizen of South Africa.
Preston North End F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
Han Solo was created by George Lucas.
Land of Oz was created by L. Frank Baum.
Stephen McNeil works in the field of politician.
Elizabeth II works in the field of monarch.
Harry Judd is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Bill Frist is a citizen of United States of America.
Aki Toyosaki is a citizen of Japan.
The type of music that Nicolai Ghiaurov plays is opera.
The chairperson of Stanford University is Marc Tessier-Lavigne.
The chairperson of World Wide Web Consortium is Tim Berners-Lee.
Joe Scarborough is married to Mika Brzezinski.
Injustice 2 was developed by NetherRealm Studios.
Apple Pay was developed by Apple Inc..
John Calipari is a citizen of United States of America.
Mohammad Najibullah is a citizen of Afghanistan.
Kris Humphries is married to Kim Kardashian.
Martin Luther King Jr. is married to Coretta Scott King.
The origianl broadcaster of Life Unexpected is The CW.
The origianl broadcaster of The Walking Dead is AMC.
The head coach of Oklahoma City Thunder is Billy Donovan.
The head coach of Central Coast Mariners FC is Graham Arnold.
The author of Horton Hears a Who! is Dr. Seuss.
The author of The Social Contract is Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
Sergio Agüero is associated with the sport of association football.
The company that produced Jaguar C-Type is Jaguar Cars.
Túrin Turambar was created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Abe Sapien was created by Mike Mignola.
Punk'd was created by Ashton Kutcher.
Mediaset S.p.A. was founded by Silvio Berlusconi.
Jamie-Lynn Sigler is famous for The Sopranos.
Morley Safer is famous for 60 Minutes.
Zhang Yimou is a citizen of People's Republic of China.
Giordano Bruno is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ragini Dwivedi is a citizen of India.
Aqua was developed by Apple Inc..
Gran Turismo 2 was developed by Polyphony Digital.
Ford Sync was developed by Ford Motor Company.
Gregory XV is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of David Copperfield is Charles Dickens.
The author of Scots Wha Hae is Robert Burns.
Estádio São Januário is associated with the sport of association football.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar plays the position of center.
WWF Superstars of Wrestling was created by Vince McMahon.
Gibson Girl was created by Charles Dana Gibson.
Mormonism was founded by Joseph Smith.
Seneca was born in the city of Córdoba.
Madeleine L'Engle was born in the city of New York City.
The capital of Serbia is Belgrade.
Sue Bird plays the position of point guard.
George Smiley was created by John le Carré.
Gregory House was created by David Shore.
The author of Clarissa is Samuel Richardson.
The univeristy where James Michael Curley was educated is Boston College.
savate was created in the country of France.
Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle works in the field of politician.
tight end works in the field of American football player.
The univeristy where Charles Eliot Norton was educated is Harvard University.
The univeristy where William Salesbury was educated is University of Oxford.
The type of music that The Hamilton Mixtape plays is hip hop music.
The company that produced Me 410 Hornisse is Messerschmitt.
Nenad Krstić plays the position of center.
Aristotle works in the field of philosopher.
Amit Shah works in the field of politician.
The author of The Dharma Bums is Jack Kerouac.
The company that produced Ford Mustang is Ford Motor Company.
The chief executive officer of Hon Hai Precision Industry is Terry Gou.
The type of music that Verve Records plays is jazz.
Salesians of Don Bosco was founded by John Bosco.
The author of The Bell Jar is Sylvia Plath.
C.D. Nacional is associated with the sport of association football.
Premam was created in the country of India.
Multi-Coloured Swap Shop was created in the country of United Kingdom.
reggae was created in the country of Jamaica.
Dante Alighieri is affiliated with the religion of Catholicism.
Uli Hoeneß is employed by FC Bayern Munich.
Charles VI of France works in the field of monarch.
Steffi Graf works in the field of tennis player.
Glee was created by Ryan Murphy.
Jorma Panula is a citizen of Finland.
Eminem is married to Kimberly Anne Scott.
François Tombalbaye works in the field of politician.
Yoshihiro Togashi works in the field of mangaka.
The author of Executive Order 13780 is Donald Trump.
The author of Cardcaptor Sakura is Clamp.
The author of Thumbelina is Hans Christian Andersen.
The author of The Famous Five is Enid Blyton.
Los Angeles is located in the continent of North America.
Portia de Rossi is married to Ellen DeGeneres.
Gene Roddenberry is married to Majel Barrett.
Isaac Asimov is married to Janet Asimov.
John Millington Synge died in the city of Dublin.
The author of Moneyball is Michael Lewis.
The author of Orientalism is Edward Said.
White Light/White Heat was performed by The Velvet Underground.
Jimmy Nielsen plays the position of goalkeeper.
Eucherius of Lyon is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Colin Dexter is famous for Inspector Morse.
Michael Patrick Carroll is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The author of Executive Order 6102 is Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
The author of Tamburlaine is Christopher Marlowe.
The chairperson of Independent Greeks is Panos Kammenos.
The company that produced Ford Fusion is Ford Motor Company.
The origianl broadcaster of Alias Smith and Jones is American Broadcasting Company.
The origianl broadcaster of Deadliest Catch is Discovery Channel.
T. S. Eliot speaks the language of English.
Al Horford is associated with the sport of basketball.
Saturday Night Live was created by Lorne Michaels.
Loretta Sanchez is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Paul IV is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Mobutu Sese Seko is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Garth Brooks is married to Trisha Yearwood.
Jay Leno is married to Mavis Leno.
Bill Haslam speaks the language of English.
2002–03 La Liga is associated with the sport of association football.
Luigi Delneri is associated with the sport of association football.
Santino Marella is employed by WWE.
James Reston is employed by The New York Times.
Liz Friedlander is a citizen of United States of America.
Jorge Sampaoli works in the field of association football manager.
Dion Phaneuf works in the field of ice hockey player.
The headquarters of Manchester Metropolitan University is located in the city of Manchester.
The headquarters of HBO is located in the city of New York City.
Corazon Aquino is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Larry Brown is associated with the sport of basketball.
Mary Todd Lincoln died in the city of Springfield.
Gabriel García Márquez died in the city of Mexico City.
Matsudaira Katamori is a citizen of Japan.
Raheel Sharif is a citizen of Pakistan.
Hank Azaria is famous for The Simpsons.
Nomar Garciaparra plays the position of shortstop.
Umar Gul is associated with the sport of cricket.
Dudley Town F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
The headquarters of Sapienza University of Rome is located in the city of Rome.
Mister Geppetto's child is Pinocchio.
Mulayam Singh Yadav's child is Akhilesh Yadav.
From Me to You was performed by The Beatles.
Russell T Davies is famous for Doctor Who.
Aaron Rowand is associated with the sport of baseball.
Edmund Hillary is associated with the sport of mountaineering.
Humberto Maturana is employed by University of Chile.
Peter Schmeichel plays the position of goalkeeper.
The name of the current head of state in Galactic Empire is Palpatine.
Queen Victoria I is affiliated with the religion of Anglicanism.
The head coach of Los Angeles Dodgers is Dave Roberts.
Shane McMahon is employed by WWE.
Carl Linnaeus is employed by Uppsala University.
The author of Hard Times is Charles Dickens.
The author of Totem and Taboo is Sigmund Freud.
Grant Hill is associated with the sport of basketball.
Joseph Bech is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lukas Podolski is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
iPhone 3G was developed by Apple Inc..
Josemaría Escrivá is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Karl Marx is married to Jenny Marx.
Stan Lee is married to Joan Lee.
The author of The Pillow Book is Sei Shōnagon.
The author of The Heidi Chronicles is Wendy Wasserstein.
The chairperson of Aam Aadmi Party is Arvind Kejriwal.
The chairperson of Hungarian Academy of Sciences is László Lovász.
Gran Turismo 4 was developed by Polyphony Digital.
Gregory XI is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Robert Parish plays the position of center.
The headquarters of Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is located in the city of Ottawa.
cornerback is associated with the sport of American football.
Peter Singer was born in the city of Melbourne.
Lady Gaga is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Herbert Hoover is married to Lou Henry Hoover.
Hillary Clinton's child is Chelsea Clinton.
The director of Blizzard Entertainment is J. Allen Brack.
Boeing was founded by William Boeing.
The director of Epic Games is Tim Sweeney.
The name of the current head of the Ireland government is Leo Varadkar.
Toyota was founded by Kiichiro Toyoda.
The chairperson of General Motors is Mary Barra.
The type of music that Lewis Carroll plays is children's literature.
Yuriy Lutsenko works in the field of politician.
The headquarters of Stanford University is located in the city of Stanford.
Satyajit Ray's child is Sandip Ray.
The univeristy where Dr. Seuss was educated is Dartmouth College.
Peter Dutton speaks the language of English.
The chief executive officer of Boeing is Dennis Muilenburg.
The univeristy where Ilir Meta was educated is University of Tirana.
The univeristy where John Magufuli was educated is University of Dar es Salaam.
designated hitter is associated with the sport of baseball.
Edward Cullen was created by Stephenie Meyer.
The capital of Israel is Jerusalem.
Aung San Suu Kyi is a citizen of Myanmar.
Pierre Karl Péladeau is a citizen of Canada.
power forward is associated with the sport of basketball.
Richard Dawkins is famous for The Selfish Gene.
Ryan Murphy is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The head coach of San Antonio Spurs is Gregg Popovich.
The headquarters of Hyundai Motor Company is located in the city of Seoul.
The chairperson of The CW is Mark Pedowitz.
Boston is located in the continent of North America.
John Cleese speaks the language of English.
Chicago Cubs is associated with the sport of baseball.
Queen Victoria I is a citizen of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The headquarters of Digital Equipment Corporation is located in the city of Maynard.
The chief executive officer of Schneider Electric is Jean-Pascal Tricoire.
Mark Rutte worked in the city of The Hague.
hip hop music was created in the country of United States of America.
basketball coach is associated with the sport of basketball.
The type of music that Miles Davis plays is jazz.
William Golding is famous for Lord of the Flies.
Graham Yost speaks the language of English.
Greece is located in the continent of Europe.
Ozzy Osbourne is married to Sharon Osbourne.
Rodrigo Duterte works in the field of politician.
Rudyard Kipling is affiliated with the religion of Anglicanism.
Bill Clinton's child is Chelsea Clinton.
Hyundai Motor Company was founded in the city of Seoul.
Robert Peel worked in the city of London.
Jacinda Ardern works in the field of politician.
Jay-Z was born in the city of Brooklyn.
Tony Soprano was performed by James Gandolfini.
Philip Pullman is employed by University of Oxford.
Philadelphia was founded by William Penn.
The chief executive officer of Chrysler is Sergio Marchionne.
The official language of South Korea is Korean.
Silvio Berlusconi is associated with the sport of association football.
The univeristy where Robert Louis Stevenson was educated is University of Edinburgh.
Dante Alighieri is famous for The Divine Comedy.
Brazil is located in the continent of South America.
The headquarters of University of Kiel is located in the city of Kiel.
The Temptations was founded in the city of Detroit.
Jean Racine died in the city of Paris.
Colt's Manufacturing Company was founded by Samuel Colt.
Narendra Modi is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
James Patterson is famous for Alex Cross.
tight end is associated with the sport of American football.
James Patterson speaks the language of English.
The origianl broadcaster of Hannah Montana is Disney Channel.
The official language of Kingdom of England is English.
Sundar Pichai was born in the city of Chennai.
The headquarters of Indiana University Bloomington is located in the city of Bloomington.
The headquarters of Duke University is located in the city of Durham.
Tupolev was founded in the city of Moscow.
Arwen was created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The official language of Argentina is Spanish.
Harry S. Truman is married to Bess Truman.
Bobby Brown is a citizen of United States of America.
The chief executive officer of WWE is Vince McMahon.
The headquarters of Yale University is located in the city of New Haven.
salsa was created in the country of United States of America.
Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Robert Louis Stevenson was born in the city of Edinburgh.
Zürich is located in the continent of Europe.
Sikhism was founded by Guru Nanak.
The headquarters of University of Glasgow is located in the city of Glasgow.
The chief executive officer of The Walt Disney Company is Bob Iger.
Søren Kierkegaard is a citizen of Denmark.
J. M. Barrie was born in the city of Kirriemuir.
L. Ron Hubbard speaks the language of English.
Nintendo was founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi.
Dolly Parton worked in the city of Nashville.
Philippines is located in the continent of Asia.
bhikkhu is affiliated with the religion of Buddhism.
The official language of England is English.
The headquarters of University of Vienna is located in the city of Vienna.
Triple H is employed by WWE.
Nat King Cole's child is Natalie Cole.
Aphra Behn speaks the language of English.
Paris is located in the continent of Europe.
Scott Morrison works in the field of politician.
Kingdom of Italy is located in the continent of Europe.
The headquarters of de Havilland Canada is located in the city of Toronto.
David Beckham plays the position of midfielder.
The name of the current head of the Canada government is Justin Trudeau.
David Bowie is married to Iman.
Plato was born in the city of Classical Athens.
Devendra Fadnavis works in the field of politician.
right fielder is associated with the sport of baseball.
Switzerland is located in the continent of Europe.
Anthony Weiner works in the field of politician.
Michael Crichton is famous for Jurassic Park.
Bill James is associated with the sport of baseball.
Religious Society of Friends was founded by George Fox.
Oscar Wilde was born in the city of Dublin.
The headquarters of MTV is located in the city of New York City.
The chairperson of The Trump Organization is Donald Trump.
The capital of South Korea is Seoul.
The type of music that Isaac Asimov plays is science fiction.
The New York Times was written in the language of English.
Huma Abedin is affiliated with the religion of Islam.
The chief executive officer of ARM Holdings is Simon Segars.
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation was founded by Leo Fender.
Lewis Carroll is employed by University of Oxford.
Barack Obama is married to Michelle Obama.
Winston Churchill is employed by University of Edinburgh.
The headquarters of University of Toronto is located in the city of Toronto.
Hillary Clinton is married to Bill Clinton.
The official language of Cairo is Arabic.
Taylor Swift worked in the city of Nashville.
CNN was founded by Ted Turner.
Daniel Ortega is married to Rosario Murillo.
ESPN was created in the country of United States of America.
Geoffrey Chaucer is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Robert Burton is employed by University of Oxford.
Gregg Popovich is associated with the sport of basketball.
Breaking Bad was written in the language of English.
Pius XII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The chief executive officer of Toyota is Akio Toyoda.
Saddam Hussein is a citizen of Iraq.
Pharrell Williams speaks the language of English.
Henry E. Huntington speaks the language of English.
quarterback is associated with the sport of American football.
Vogue was written in the language of English.
Bob Bradley is associated with the sport of association football.
The headquarters of Moscow Conservatory is located in the city of Moscow.
Anton Chekhov is a citizen of Russian Empire.
Ralph Ellison died in the city of New York City.
The headquarters of Massachusetts Institute of Technology is located in the city of Cambridge.
Imran Khan is associated with the sport of cricket.
Brian Epstein died in the city of London.
Satya Nadella was born in the city of Hyderabad.
Jonathan Swift died in the city of Dublin.
The chairperson of MSNBC is Phil Griffin.
John Legend is married to Chrissy Teigen.
Hendrik Lorentz worked in the city of Leiden.
Nguyen Phu Trong works in the field of politician.
Vladimir Lenin is married to Nadezhda Krupskaya.
The headquarters of University of Iowa is located in the city of Iowa City.
Victor Hugo died in the city of Paris.
Marv Wolfman speaks the language of English.
Walter Scott was born in the city of Edinburgh.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Gavin Newsom is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Dashiell Hammett is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Eugene O'Neill is a citizen of United States of America.
David Beckham is married to Victoria Beckham.
Robert Louis Stevenson is married to Fanny Stevenson.
Arthur Koestler was born in the city of Budapest.
The headquarters of University of Bologna is located in the city of Bologna.
Tony Soprano was created by David Chase.
The univeristy where Winston Peters was educated is University of Auckland.
Barbra Streisand is a citizen of United States of America.
Tehran is located in the continent of Asia.
Jonathan Swift is affiliated with the religion of Anglicanism.
Queen Victoria I died in the city of Osborne House.
The headquarters of University of Cambridge is located in the city of Cambridge.
The name of the current head of the Zambia government is Edgar Lungu.
H. P. Lovecraft speaks the language of English.
The official language of Australia is English.
Juan Carlos Varela is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
E. B. White is a citizen of United States of America.
H. P. Lovecraft died in the city of Providence.
The type of music that Hugo Gernsback plays is science fiction.
Bella Swan is married to Edward Cullen.
George W. Bush is married to Laura Bush.
People's Republic of China is located in the continent of Asia.
The univeristy where Nicola Sturgeon was educated is University of Glasgow.
Bruce Bochy is associated with the sport of baseball.
Chiang Kai-shek's child is Chiang Ching-kuo.
Os Lusíadas was written in the language of Portuguese.
Sacha Baron Cohen is married to Isla Fisher.
Chris Carter is famous for The X-Files.
Horace Walpole died in the city of London.
Detroit Tigers is associated with the sport of baseball.
John Updike is affiliated with the religion of Anglicanism.
Les Moonves is employed by CBS.
The headquarters of Trinity College Dublin is located in the city of Dublin.
Vitruvius was born in the city of Rome.
Geoffrey Chaucer is famous for The Canterbury Tales.
The headquarters of University of Washington is located in the city of Seattle.
The type of music that Terry Goodkind plays is fantasy.
Harper Lee is famous for To Kill a Mockingbird.
Buddhism was founded by Gautama Buddha.
Justin Trudeau worked in the city of Ottawa.
Anton Chekhov is married to Olga Knipper.
The original language of The Guild is English.
The official language of Budapest is Hungarian.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh speaks the language of English.
The univeristy where James Watt was educated is University of Glasgow.
Crytek was written in the language of English.
Star Wars was created by George Lucas.
Virgil works in the field of poet.
Chanakya is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
wide receiver is associated with the sport of American football.
Nissan was founded in the city of Yokohama.
Ovid works in the field of poet.
Michel Foucault is a citizen of France.
The head coach of Manchester United F.C. is Ole Gunnar Solskjær.
Washington, D.C. is located in the continent of North America.
Arthur Conan Doyle speaks the language of English.
Hergé is a citizen of Belgium.
Spain is located in the continent of Europe.
The headquarters of University of Oxford is located in the city of Oxford.
The capital of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland is London.
University of Notre Dame is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kamal Haasan is a citizen of India.
Bharathan is a citizen of India.
Tim Minear is a citizen of United States of America.
Eric Weissberg is a citizen of United States of America.
Jay Joyce is a citizen of United States of America.
Attack on Titan was created in the country of Japan.
John Barrasso is a citizen of United States of America.
Electric Light Orchestra was created in the country of United Kingdom.
John Oliver is employed by HBO.
Olive Thomas is a citizen of United States of America.
Edmund Wilson is a citizen of United States of America.
Greg Puciato is a citizen of United States of America.
Iwakura Tomomi is a citizen of Japan.
John Stott is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Dhirubhai Ambani is a citizen of India.
Charlton Lyons is a citizen of United States of America.
Meilen Tu is a citizen of United States of America.
Jerry Rivers is a citizen of United States of America.
Brittany Lincicome is a citizen of United States of America.
Charles IV of France is a citizen of France.
Revolver was created in the country of United States of America.
rugby was created in the country of England.
Hideo Kojima is a citizen of Japan.
Jimmy Carter is a citizen of United States of America.
Marc Benioff is a citizen of United States of America.
Julius Rosenberg is a citizen of United States of America.
William A. Brady is a citizen of United States of America.
sumo was created in the country of Japan.
Christopher Buckley is a citizen of United States of America.
Ranvir Shorey is a citizen of India.
Clare Grogan is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is a citizen of Denmark.
Studebaker was created in the country of United States of America.
Fernand Cormon is a citizen of France.
Dick Ayers is a citizen of United States of America.
Bob Holman is a citizen of United States of America.
Aidan O'Brien is a citizen of Ireland.
Kit Lambert is a citizen of United Kingdom.
China Beach was created in the country of United States of America.
Lord Peter Wimsey is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Marjorie Merriweather Post is a citizen of United States of America.
Famous Funnies was created in the country of United States of America.
Charles IV of Spain is a citizen of Spain.
Adam Guettel is a citizen of United States of America.
Lucille Ball is a citizen of United States of America.
Lorenzo Lamas is a citizen of United States of America.
Jon Krakauer is a citizen of United States of America.
Charles II of Spain is a citizen of Spain.
Mick Rock is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Steve Jobs is a citizen of United States of America.
Kim Tae-hee is a citizen of South Korea.
The univeristy where Wilhelm Reich was educated is University of Vienna.
The univeristy where Karl Menger was educated is University of Vienna.
Simon Coveney is a citizen of Ireland.
Edward Stillingfleet is a citizen of England.
Paul Pogba is a citizen of France.
Yang Mi is a citizen of People's Republic of China.
Lamberto Bava is a citizen of Italy.
Bill Gates is a citizen of United States of America.
Francis de Sales is a citizen of France.
Michael Clarke is a citizen of Australia.
Steven Runciman is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Dota 2 was created in the country of United States of America.
Claudio Gentile is a citizen of Italy.
Carlos Kleiber is a citizen of Germany.
Lonnie Liston Smith is a citizen of United States of America.
James Hilton is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Amala Paul is a citizen of India.
Michael Muhney is a citizen of United States of America.
Miguel I of Portugal is a citizen of Portugal.
Sunaina is a citizen of India.
Rocco Buttiglione is a citizen of Italy.
Sandra Dee is a citizen of United States of America.
Julia Wolfe is a citizen of United States of America.
Luke Sutton is a citizen of United Kingdom.
Southern hip hop was created in the country of United States of America.
Oxford American was created in the country of United States of America.
Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa is a citizen of Germany.
Joe Hockey is a citizen of Australia.
Weird NJ was created in the country of United States of America.
garage rock was created in the country of United States of America.
Frederick William MacMonnies is a citizen of United States of America.
The univeristy where Rodney Peete was educated is University of Southern California.
The univeristy where Henry de Bracton was educated is University of Oxford.
Leonard Goldenson is a citizen of United States of America.
Laetitia Casta is a citizen of France.
Michael Arrington is a citizen of United States of America.
Gordon Moore is a citizen of United States of America.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
Henning Mankell is a citizen of Sweden.
Robert Goulet is a citizen of United States of America.
André Campra is a citizen of France.
Simon Baron-Cohen is employed by University of Cambridge.
John C. Stennis is a citizen of United States of America.
Manjula Vijayakumar is a citizen of India.
Jayma Mays is a citizen of United States of America.
Bye Bye Birdie was created in the country of United States of America.
Mark Pellegrino is a citizen of United States of America.
Rick Leach is a citizen of United States of America.
Work from Home was created in the country of United States of America.
Lech Wałęsa is a citizen of Poland.
Welsh rarebit was created in the country of United Kingdom.
David Crane is a citizen of United States of America.
Jamie Varner is a citizen of United States of America.
Seán McLoughlin is a citizen of Ireland.
John Wayles is a citizen of England.
Adriano is a citizen of Brazil.
60 Minutes was created in the country of United States of America.
John Shadegg is a citizen of United States of America.
Charles Messier is a citizen of France.
Jump5 was created in the country of United States of America.
The univeristy where Joe Lovano was educated is Berklee College of Music.
Die Welt was created in the country of Germany.
Francis Parkman is employed by Harvard University.
Stubby Kaye is a citizen of United States of America.
Magda Goebbels is a citizen of Germany.
George David Weiss is a citizen of United States of America.
Howard W. Hunter is a citizen of United States of America.
Indonesia is located in the continent of Asia.
Davey Lopes is a citizen of United States of America.
Jacques Perrin is a citizen of France.
Dina Meyer is a citizen of United States of America.
The univeristy where Alfred Adler was educated is University of Vienna.
Damien Dempsey is a citizen of Ireland.
Adam Hochschild is employed by University of California, Berkeley.
The headquarters of University of California, Berkeley is located in the city of Berkeley.
Eben Moglen is a citizen of United States of America.
The univeristy where Louis Zamperini was educated is University of Southern California.
Mitt Romney is a citizen of United States of America.
Naruto was created in the country of Japan.
Tony Joe White is a citizen of United States of America.
Gato Barbieri is a citizen of Argentina.
Don Bradman is a citizen of Australia.
TFF Third League is associated with the sport of association football.
Albanian Second Division is associated with the sport of association football.
The Normal Heart was created in the country of United States of America.
Saint Michael's College is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
NAC Breda is associated with the sport of association football.
Walter Samuel is associated with the sport of association football.
Paul V is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Albert of Saxony is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Eccellenza is associated with the sport of association football.
Eric Cantona is associated with the sport of association football.
Amélie of Leuchtenberg is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Józef Glemp is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ernest Renan is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Marian University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Esteban Cambiasso is associated with the sport of association football.
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC is associated with the sport of association football.
Josip Juraj Štrosmajer is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Xavier University of Louisiana is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The Alamo was created in the country of United States of America.
Michael O'Neill is associated with the sport of association football.
1999 FIFA Confederations Cup is associated with the sport of association football.
John V of Portugal is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Weingarten Abbey is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Antonio Barberini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
St. Norbert College is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Joaquín Balaguer is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Maria Luisa of Savoy is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jozef Tiso is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ottokar II of Bohemia is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Elisabeth of Valois is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Giovanni Papini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Pedro Arrupe is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Alessandro Farnese is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Henrique Capriles Radonski is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Guillaume de Rubrouck is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Bill Dickey is associated with the sport of baseball.
Austin Rivers is associated with the sport of basketball.
John Charles McQuaid is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Major Arena Soccer League is associated with the sport of association football.
ASEC Mimosas is associated with the sport of association football.
Johann Joachim Winckelmann is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Gregory I is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Boniface IX is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
2015 CAF Confederation Cup is associated with the sport of association football.
MSV Duisburg is associated with the sport of association football.
Norbert of Xanten is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kevin Rudolf is a citizen of United States of America.
Chinese Jia-A League is associated with the sport of association football.
Club Atlético Lanús is associated with the sport of association football.
NK Aluminij is associated with the sport of association football.
Arthurlie F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Mother Angelica is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Enrico Letta is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Almanzo Wilder is a citizen of United States of America.
Duchy of Parma is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Giovanni Battista Rinuccini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Alan Moore speaks the language of English.
William Levada is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Leo Allatius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Baudouin of Belgium is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Alexander VIII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lisbon Lions is associated with the sport of association football.
The author of Great Expectations is Charles Dickens.
Morris Iemma is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Bruno Mégret is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Matteo Renzi is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Sixtus III is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Thérèse of Lisieux is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Francis Spellman is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
QBasic was developed by Microsoft.
Pacific League is associated with the sport of baseball.
Chris Dodd is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
FBC Melgar is associated with the sport of association football.
FC Chornomorets Odesa is associated with the sport of association football.
Thomas de Cantilupe is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Martin Foyle is associated with the sport of association football.
Sting speaks the language of English.
Clement VIII is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Al-Ahli Saudi FC is associated with the sport of association football.
Fußball-Regionalliga Nord is associated with the sport of association football.
Hydatius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Prospero Bottini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
American League is associated with the sport of baseball.
left fielder is associated with the sport of baseball.
Fujieda MYFC is associated with the sport of association football.
Queen's Park F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Camille Cosby is a citizen of United States of America.
Pauline Bonaparte is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jean Mabillon is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Philip Berrigan is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Blackburn Olympic F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Myanmar Football Federation is associated with the sport of association football.
Joseph II is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
iPod was developed by Apple Inc..
OS X Mavericks was developed by Apple Inc..
Donna Tartt is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jean-Luc Dehaene is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
James Woods is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Carlota of Mexico is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo is associated with the sport of association football.
Bettino Ricasoli is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Louis Bonaparte is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Mike Vrabel plays the position of linebacker.
Maria Amalia of Saxony is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jacopo Tintoretto is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Bellarmine University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jamie Ward is associated with the sport of association football.
August Derleth is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lucius III is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Susan Hayward is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Frank LoBiondo is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Chelsea F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Buddy Cianci is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
John Murray Forbes is a citizen of United States of America.
Karşıyaka S.K. is associated with the sport of association football.
Saint Joseph's University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Innocent III is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Saint Peter's University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Windows Internet Explorer 7 was developed by Microsoft.
Xavi plays the position of midfielder.
Raúl Alfonsín is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Austrian Netherlands is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
José Gálvez FBC is associated with the sport of association football.
Joseph Cao is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Amatus of Montecassino is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Congregation of Christian Brothers is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Angelo Sodano is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Leni Robredo is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Julius III is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Beau Biden is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Richard Egan is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Trikala F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Nigel Pearson is associated with the sport of association football.
Varzim S.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Nicholas of Tolentino is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Eastwood Town F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Darren Ferguson is associated with the sport of association football.
Giuseppe Parini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Busch Memorial Stadium is associated with the sport of baseball.
Garrincha is associated with the sport of association football.
Burnley F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Surrey Senior Cup is associated with the sport of association football.
Kenilworth Road is associated with the sport of association football.
Mary Tudor is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Alfonso XIII of Spain is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Vincent of Beauvais is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Mozambique national football team is associated with the sport of association football.
Seattle University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The type of music that Jeff Berlin plays is jazz.
Otto of Freising is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jason Kidd plays the position of point guard.
Kemba Walker plays the position of point guard.
George Gervin is associated with the sport of basketball.
Amar'e Stoudemire is associated with the sport of basketball.
Besart Berisha is associated with the sport of association football.
Martin V is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
DirectX was developed by Microsoft.
Baldwin of Forde is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Raymond Flynn is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Kingdom of Etruria is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Philip Dunne is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Moss Lane is associated with the sport of association football.
Brussels is located in the continent of Europe.
Bruce Arena plays the position of goalkeeper.
Manuel Almunia plays the position of goalkeeper.
Michael Reagan is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The type of music that Reef the Lost Cauze plays is hip hop music.
The type of music that RZA plays is hip hop music.
Palladius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Saint Gall is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Cafu is associated with the sport of association football.
Gregory XVI is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The origianl broadcaster of Eight Is Enough is American Broadcasting Company.
The origianl broadcaster of 8 Simple Rules is American Broadcasting Company.
FC Unirea Alba Iulia is associated with the sport of association football.
Hampshire Senior Cup is associated with the sport of association football.
Mike Napoli is associated with the sport of baseball.
George Weiss is associated with the sport of baseball.
Torquato Tasso is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Jean de Brébeuf is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Mario Monti is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
David Seaman plays the position of goalkeeper.
Duquesne University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
John Murphy Farley is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Patrick Vieira plays the position of midfielder.
Lyon is located in the continent of Europe.
Hincmar is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
County of Toulouse is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
iWork was developed by Apple Inc..
utility player is associated with the sport of baseball.
Julio Dinero is a citizen of United States of America.
Giovanni Trapattoni is associated with the sport of association football.
Drive My Car was performed by The Beatles.
Real Salt Lake is associated with the sport of association football.
Saint Louis University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Gregory IX is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Sylvester II is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Hyacinth of Poland is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Mathias Grünewald is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Proodeftiki F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Toronto FC is associated with the sport of association football.
Saint Remigius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
St. Bonaventure University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
In My Life was performed by The Beatles.
Eerste Klasse is associated with the sport of association football.
Joseph de Maistre is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Salem-Keizer Volcanoes is associated with the sport of baseball.
The type of music that Red Allen plays is jazz.
The type of music that Danny Thompson plays is jazz.
Herfølge Boldklub is associated with the sport of association football.
iPhone 4S was developed by Apple Inc..
Leo XI is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Dennis DeConcini is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Henri Michel is associated with the sport of association football.
Rockhurst University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The company that produced Ford RS200 is Ford Motor Company.
punter is associated with the sport of American football.
Nicolas Malebranche is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Johannes Trithemius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ethiopian Football Federation is associated with the sport of association football.
Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Hortense de Beauharnais is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Lorenzo Valla is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Ciudad de Murcia is associated with the sport of association football.
Samsunspor is associated with the sport of association football.
shooting guard is associated with the sport of basketball.
Peter Canisius is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Dominican University is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Laurent Koscielny is associated with the sport of association football.
Fareham Town F.C. is associated with the sport of association football.
Andrew Bynum plays the position of center.
Joe Mauer is associated with the sport of baseball.
Windows 3.1 was developed by Microsoft.
Windows 3.0 was developed by Microsoft.
Paschal II is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Francesco Maria Brancaccio is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Matthew Paris is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Francis is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Hugo Kołłątaj is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Trenton Thunder is associated with the sport of baseball.
Eleanor of Austria is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Cyprian is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Unione Sportiva Avellino 1912 is associated with the sport of association football.
Goiás Esporte Clube is associated with the sport of association football.
Zoran Milanović works in the field of politician.
Deportivo de La Coruña is associated with the sport of association football.
Persiba Balikpapan is associated with the sport of association football.
Germanus of Auxerre is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Cerro Porteño is associated with the sport of association football.
Richie Ashburn is associated with the sport of baseball.
Abou Diaby plays the position of midfielder.
John Hope Franklin speaks the language of English.
Kylie Minogue speaks the language of English.
Patrick Anthony McCarran is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
The type of music that Michael Mantler plays is jazz.
The type of music that Gretchen Wilson plays is country music.
Sigismund is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Albert of Riga is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Innocent I is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Luis Antonio Tagle is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Winnipeg Goldeyes is associated with the sport of baseball.
outfielder is associated with the sport of baseball.
The company that produced Ford Super Duty is Ford Motor Company.
Bulgaria is located in the continent of Europe.
Dhirubhai Ambani is affiliated with the religion of Hinduism.
John McCloskey is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Clare of Assisi is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Rogério Ceni plays the position of goalkeeper.
The type of music that Joëlle Léandre plays is jazz.
The type of music that Lill Lindfors plays is jazz.
Richard Price speaks the language of English.
Otto of Bamberg is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Bob Cousy plays the position of point guard.
John Wall plays the position of point guard.
Aleem Dar is associated with the sport of cricket.
1983 Cricket World Cup is associated with the sport of cricket.
Gauliga is associated with the sport of association football.
iOS 11 was developed by Apple Inc..
Fabrice Muamba is associated with the sport of association football.
Jim Butcher is a citizen of United States of America.
AppleWorks was developed by Apple Inc..
iPod Touch was developed by Apple Inc..
FC Augsburg is associated with the sport of association football.
Callixtus II is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
Callixtus III is affiliated with the religion of Catholic Church.
